 winning streak And the warriors ended with a six game winning streak Watch out james again with that right ankle. He played last couple of games did tweak it on sunday But he played very well in those final two games And here's one of the fun matchups in this series anthony davis has to take a tough shot. Well defended by draymond green And Obviously both teams would love to get the win tonight and give it a little extra time to heal and prepare for their opponent As andrew wingans gets inside and gets the bucket To me, he's the key they need 25 from him tonight to be able to score enough to win Schruder nice play and drumming Well a big flush down the other end and that's a welcome sight for laker fans is not anthony davis and labron james Making every play but you get shrewder Making plays for drumming they can be dangerous Ken bainsmar for three that's good You know steve kurt talking before the game knows it's a taunting task Against a laker team when healthy they're as good as anybody in the league, but he also knows just one game That's all you have to win. This is not a playoff series It's a one game and move on Schruder's jumper ball tipped and taken by draymond green On the season warriors 39 and 33, but they finished Winning 15 of their final 20 games in the regular season just great basketball as wingans Knocks down another and he's playing with a lot more confidence. Look at that He didn't wait for steph curry to make a play waved everybody out of the way And took advantage of his matchup James to davis davis goes right at draymond green again. Well defended davis thought he was hit Lakers have not been dominant at home this season clearly a lot of that had to do with missing the two players As curry pulls back, but despite all the misses as draymond green kicks it out to basemore and basemore from the elbow jumper way off Looney has to throw it up then hit the ram and it goes in kavon looney Very aware of the shot clock about to expire But jeff you talked about Without anthony davis and lebron james you were impressed as shrewder misses impressed the way the lakers kept being competitive absolutely defensively They remained rock solid. They just had some troubles offensively But what they've done defensively all year to be the best team in the league at that end is special Curry throws the pass stolen by anthony davis number one rated defensive team davis for three Rebound kept alive by drummond, but he's going to be called for a loose ball foul Andre drummond signed at the end of march after a buyout With the cavaliers This is his 22nd game started all 21 games average just under 12 points little over 10 rebounds But frank vocals is still a work in progress trying to get him comfortable and familiar with playing with his new teammates Curry to looney Curry using a dream on green screen nice feet inside looney shot blocked Andre jonman with the rejection looney was ready to throw it down James to davis James with the tip and with the left hand and frank vocals irate. He thought david davis got fouled again I thought it was a good block Curry flips it up shot too strong looney back out to basemore wide open three And vulgar wants a timeout hot start Such so many different matchups to look at have fun. Let's let's start with steph curry jeff How do the lakers try and guard him? What do you think their their game plan will be? Well, the thing I think for a great defensive team like the lakers that they have to avoid is overreacting To curry and leaving others open. That's what's happened to start this game Meanwhile mark a big question for frank vogel and the lakers they've got the size advantage They've got the traditional centers golden state likes to play small ball. How do you handle that if you're frank? Well to me, I like to see him post up. Lebron james gets a smaller Wiggins our last possession basemore defending him take advantage of that size of strength creating offense for himself as an aggressive or for his teammates wiggins is a great defensive team and Golden state the fifth rated defense in the nba this year Oh and wiggins with the block of james has to fire it up and it's the side of the backboard Great defensive play from andrew wiggins This is a great defensive play coach. But in my opinion lebron lets him off the hook. He fades away There's no help coming. That's one-on-one beat him on your terms go towards the basket as opposed to fading away from him Absolutely, and the way he's going to play that's going to be a great defensive play On your terms go towards the basket as opposed to fading away from absolutely Wiggins had a strong finish to the season especially after the all-star break not only the defense but averaging over 20 per game ball deflected by caldwell pulp Wiggins guarded by james down the other end knocks down the three Pretty good couple of sequences for andrew wiggins to start his play-in game. He's had a tremendous year I mean When he's the third most important player like he was in minnesota the year they went to the playoffs when he was there It's a perfect role for him. I mean he's played exceptional basketball this year particularly the second half of the year Drummond puts it on the floor double team back out to davis shot clock down a three james a three-pointer way off And ramon bringing the rebound the lakers have missed nine of their first 11 from the field Baysmore running gets it to loonie and loonie and a held ball with anthony davis I'm, just thinking about it think about your third best player with the ability to average 20 to 25 points You put clay thompson with this unit watch out next year Absolutely, and I give steve kerr a lot of credit. He's narrowed his rotation. They play eight guys now There's more comfort level. They're an older team. They're experienced You don't go far in the nba playoffs playing all young guys you saw clay thompson there once that injury It changed a lot of plans for the golden state warriors James now guarded by baysmore wiegand's helps out shrewder good ball movement here called well pope. Good luck knocks down the three And that's what they want out of that double team I would rather stunt at anthony davis Stay at home with called well pope and make anthony davis shoot and make threes You see shrewder initially on steph curry. There'll be a number of players james with the deflection, but wiggins able to get it back shock lock down to four wiggins pull off three And drummond rips down the rebound drummond one of the premier elite rebounders in the game throughout his career James Called well pulp off balance James goes down a lane the runner and draws the foul on baysmore Well, they get the switch and then they double and they full rotate That's a long closeout by wiggins again, I would have rather stunted off of Caldwell pope and made anthony davis Shoot the long ball And mike did we have starting lineups earlier? Yes I wish they were sponsored by taco bell and I could have said sponsored by taco fall I'm surprised you waited so long to take your first shot man. You didn't come up for breath. So I Was i've been sitting on that It's the free throw but Congratulations to you On truly a hall of fame career. It was an honor to be at your induction. Absolutely. Well deserved in an incredible speech You made us proud partner Thank you gentlemen, but this is a fact I couldn't have done it without you man. We don't need to hear that. That's fake hustle. That's like saying Curry couldn't have done it without Jordan bell. Come on Why can't you just say thank you though as well? Thank you. No, no, you don't mean that don't say thank you He's not sincere man. It's about him Well, here's lead by six True to guarding curry again curry launches a three-pointer that one off the bark for the rebound want to scott o anderson Draymond green tries a three that misses drumming hauls in another rebound So Michael molder also in the game for golden state. Here's basemore Mulder runs to the corner, but basemore banks it won't go to scott o anderson misses the tip here comes james Schruder corner three james the offensive rebound So Quick move inside draws the contact shot won't go but a foul and he will go right back to the free throw line But I don't want to sound like a broken record But that's the type of plays he's got to make especially the way that they're defending him and I understand coming off Injury, he's trying to feel his way through the game But as we move closer and closer towards getting involved into this game, I expect to see labron a little bit more aggressive Now you see those two games the last two of the regular season did tweak again the ankle on sunday, but nothing serious So James missing a career high 27 games only played 45 games at those 20 consecutive out with the ankle injury Now playing in the playing game where he famously said wherever came up with this should be fired I think the whole thing has been pretty exciting curry on the drive Flips it up back shot is good step curry with his first field goal coach Just look at the size difference between these two teams on the floor right now at every position So James finds caldwell pope another corner three another one knocking it down called well pope Two for two from three-point range Welcome back to warriors lakers now If you see labron james go to the bench a little more often than usual in this first half Coach frank vocal told me that's because the more minutes labron plays the more his ankle tends to stiffen up So they are going to try if they don't fall too far behind here to backload his minutes and keep him under 30 total Now you just saw the playback in march where he got initially hurt. This is where he tweaked it again just three days ago LeBron told us he hadn't stopped thinking about the way this injury derailed his season He had to rehab for more than six weeks and said quote I hated every moment of it But mike he said he's ready to move forward and he doesn't anticipate his movement being limited in any real way tonight Thank you. Rachel. You forget how well he was playing Prior to the injury how well the lakers were playing prior to the injury to james and davis. They were 21 and 6 Caruso wide open nobody near him and he cans the three and they did On that one stay at home on caldwell pope, but caruso shot the ball very well from three this year draymond green gets inside and draws the foul on andre drummond And green's shaking up Well good stunt by basemore But caruso again really improved as a three-point shooter So green will go to the line Green has had one outstanding season, especially defensively when he hits the first our upcoming national tv schedule tnt tomorrow indiana and washington And that game After indiana with the victory washington losing to boston then espn friday. Memphis will play the loser of this game It's a nine eastern start and will be either in san francisco or here at the staples center I'll tell you indiana played a great Offensive game down three of their main guys. So bonus He's a great Great offensive player. Absolutely They started off great and did not let their foot off the gas pedal davis after kuzma kyle kuzma montrezl harrell in the game Raymond green on davis one-on-one excellent defense again stolen by basemore So Basemore goes right at davis throws up a wild shot and draws the foul anthony davis picking up his first That is outstanding defense by draymond green one-on-one against anthony davis for the second time You just you just battle them and you stay in front and don't give them anything easy active hands Secure your position be disciplined and give your team a chance exactly what he did Basemore in the starting lineup As colin state has some injuries kelly ubre still out with the left wrist. He's going to be reevaluated next week James wiseman, of course their center out for the season with right knee surgery. Damian lee also out and of course that man Missing his second consecutive year Can't wait to see him back in uniform running up and down the floor And they need him and you look at this game. For example, the war is not going to win if step curry Doesn't get going at some point the lakers are forcing him to get rid of the basketball where he sees bodies in front of him The sconnow anderson misses the three called paul pulp the rebound They're doing a good job of keeping two people he comes off a pick and roll They don't leave them until he gets rid of the basketball Step curry's taking just three shots so far Mulder some early minutes guarding caruso So Caldwell pope nice screen set by davis step back jumper won't go Green has been absolutely great defensively Curry against kuzma. There's a double team second turnover by curry Kuzma to caruso drives inside lefty layup is good. It goes crashing right focal again saying where was the whistle lot of contact there And caruso off the bench with five points The active hands come up with the steal and good delivery by kuzma Russo with the finish that's clearly contact. You should be going to the line Curry double again Ramon green fakes davis right there Five on the 24 curry fakes the three gets away from davis off one foot too strong And here comes kuzma lakers have made it difficult early for steph curry Kuzma a three-pointer And a loose ball foul is going to go against curry And coach, you know people say well, how can you get them going? Well, you can get them going by getting stops defensively and pushing the basketball is tougher to trap pick and rolls When you're pushing it in transition and a technical foul, I believe on draymond green Green gosh, tibbinson. I don't want to hear it Green now trying to talk Whatever happened to the parent that says I don't want to hear it then you still talking they said I said I don't want to hear That's the end of it. He just gave him an extra candy bar That foul by the way was on molder not curry as davis hits the technical free throw and now Much more Pleasant conversation josh, tibbinson and I have a difference of opinion of what no more means Josh, tibbinson has become one of the premier officials in the nba in recent years And you get a technical and since we don't count this as the playoffs it doesn't count against any suspension so you can These are freebies Trueter in there up top to caruso And throws it back in the corner And throws it out of bounds he's talking about the playing stats do not count toward the regular season and do not count toward the playoffs They kind of fade away I suppose but it's also, you know, it's the same for the broadcast. So whatever you say It's okay. You can say whatever you want. It's not it's not recorded. He does that in any way mike. I'm just saying they should count I saw jason tatum's 50 as molder dumps it counts Put them in the postseason. This is the postseason I'm in agreement with you. I think they're uh, they're trying to figure out what's the best way I just figured it out for them. I'm just staying with their thinking curry on the rebound. This is miss Curry way downtown in and out and davis the rebound Lakers shooting just 32 from the field, but they're only down by three Shrewder misses the three Montrezl harrell spins flips it up shot won't go tipped by kuzma and another offensive rebound which he's been doing all season Shrewder misses the three And curry the rebound curry averaged a career high five and a half rebounds per game this year Gets inside draws the foul count it and one And to me that's the most underrated two things about his game the rebounding aspect and the finishing aspect Is that he's got a great That's just beautiful Touch around the rim this year. He became the oldest scoring champion in the nba in 23 years When michael jordan was 35 he finished the season with 46 points on sunday against memphis He was just absolutely sensational. Of course a lot of the talk this week. Lebron james saying the other day MVP he had the best season all year. Well, he's had an incredible season and it's it's a joy to cover him and watch him As davis knocks down the little floater. He was 0 for 6. Sam fitty davis before that shot and it's back to four But I like what he did instead of posting screen on the ball And get some space from green Want to scott o anderson knocks down a three turns and says something to the fans and runs down the floor He has one been a one of the great stories this year in the nba The east oakland native now playing for his team that he grew up rooting for Schruder shot block to scott o anderson saves it but right to harold blocked by green but a foul Again two free throws coming up for la See the great ball movement and The young fella gets it done oakland's finest Proud to be a warrior. Well this happy ending for him. He just signed a multi-year contract to play for the team again Growing up rooted for his undrafted out of marquette back in 2015 took him five years to get to the nba mexico argentina venezuela the g league And he has become so much more than an energy player. Bob myers absolutely loves him He's got terrific skill. He's extremely smart. Draymond green says he changes the game with his intensity And steve kerr says I trust him It's been a great story and he's the one guy that can do draymond green type things on the floor Initiating offense setting screens extra pass What a fine by the warriors Steve Kerr actually calls him a mini draymond green You think I just freestyled that mike well, I wanted to give a little credit come on loonie the rebound six point warriors lead It was about a five-second difference between the shot clock and game clock Very just two for six to start Mulder wiggins Rebound shrewder final seconds. No fouls to give here shooter ahead to davies Davis three pointers up shot short Welcome back to the state farm nba play-in tournament. I'm rachel nichols here with coach steve Her great start you guys got out to steve. What was working for you? Well, I thought our defense was really good rachel and it's been good, you know the last few weeks and that's uh, That's what we have to play off of so our guys did a good job What's your approach to the size disadvantage that your team has here tonight? Well, we just got to make sure everybody's engaged all the time and you know keeping everyone off the glass they're they're obviously Much bigger and stronger than we are but if we're active and we're boxing out with all five guys we can hold our own Thanks so much steve. All right back to you. Mike. Thank you rachel fifth turnover for golden state James five points in that first quarter tail important tucker out there with james shrewder kuzma And harold Horton tucker straight on three. That's good. This young man's having An excellent season in terms of taking some steps, but the three-pointer Has been at times a struggle for him nice shot there and it's a three-point game Jordan pulled the floater Looney's follow misses harold the rebound no curry. No green with james on the floor This is going to be a challenge James drives you can't get it and kavon looney grabs another rebound seven rebounds already for kavon looney. They'll need him With the size advantage of the lakers Mulder catch and shoot that's good three-pointer from mulder. He can shoot the second-year guard from kentucky Well, you look at this unit on the floor for the warriors right now No curry or green, but they have the ability to get the ball in the middle of the field Warriors right now no curry or green But they have the ability to compete at a high level spread the floor and they have shooting all around Shruder drives shrewder misses looney grabs another defensive rebound And interestingly they have tiskano anderson on shrewder Pool has it eight to shoot tiskano anderson not that time fight for the rebound. Come on looney Nine rebounds now already another three Mulder can't get it to go Six point golden state lead with two minutes into the second They played each other three times warriors won the first game lakers two blowouts after that, but both teams obviously so radically different now So Kuzma And it hit one of the wires atop the backboard so it's golden state ball Stop curry talking about the the warriors. She said back in In february march. It was a little bleak, but he's so proud of the way this team just kept fighting And he says now we've given ourselves a chance To make this season matter curry and green the leadership they showed And the warriors turned it around The scano anderson feet inside Looney shot in and out. LeBron james rips down the rebound. That's outstanding possession though. Great ball movement making plays for one another Just wasn't able to finish. It's tiskano anderson Like you mentioned before mark can really? pass and make plays Montrezl harrell foul by looney And the former six-man winner with the clippers will go to the line It has not been an easy adjustment for montrezl last year played so well for the la clippers this year He's had some some good stretches. His numbers are solid not playing as many minutes not getting as much touches But it's been inconsistent at times. Well three centers makes it a challenge for the coaching staff and for the three players And I think the thing if i'm if i'm harrell my mentality has got to be The way I got paid and made it in this league I gave great energy great effort great enthusiasm from day one So I was a difference maker because of the way I went about my business He's got to get back to being that then he's a handful to defend And I think it's interesting too. I think the challenge going forward For the coaching staff is at times last year They played with As a free throw rebound's given up they played with anthony davis at center So now that they have three other centers Do you ever get back to that lineup right? It's basically four centers that All feel they deserve time horton tucker goes inside flips it up and an offensive foul is called Well tucker picks up the personal frank vogel obviously disagrees with the call Morton tucker wants to see the replay Not a lot there To me, that's not a defensive foul But it's not an offensive foul either Pool to wiggins wiggins trying to slam a shot block porton tucker right there minimum of the rim and then a foul As wiggins goes crashing to the floor I like wiggins trying to attack like that So attacking the rim Good job of going vertical But I like like you talked about here They need him to be aggressive on the offensive end Bow was on caruso Caruso picks up his first Here's pool and pool is fouled before any shot attempt caruso trying to fight over the screen picks up his second And I agree with the lake is defensively right now You have to treat jordan pool the way you treat Steph curry with that first unit because he's a guy that can get hot and then the rim opens up for him Pull the last six games average 20 a game He had a career high 38 last week You know with curry on the bench frank vocal said he's kind of taken over like the cj mccollum Roll in terms of when lillard goes to the bench mccollum has to score they need pool to score Not that time as kuzma gets the rebound Not that he was comparing him to cj mccollum portent tucker short on the through Here's pool inside the arc Six on the 24 Wiggins against caruso nice spin move and finish from andrew wiggins. He's got nine points. He has a great right to left spin Harold Knocked away ball picked up to scott o anderson Two-on-one break goes right at lebron james and finishes And a timeout call by frank vocal They got a lot of doubt down there. We got we got a lot of belief good job guys good quarter Holding our own on the boards defending without fouling all good stuff He has been proud of this team talked about, you know disjointed early. Obviously the injury to clay thompson He said that they've come together really well as the season went on. He kept telling the team late in the season We're going to go on a run. We're going to go on a run and they finished 15 and five in those last 20 games And I like how wiggins is picking up full court On occasions james drives gets inside block by tesco anderson knocked out of bounds still laker ball This is just good verticality boy this kid is tough Warriors have five block shots already James gets inside bank shot missed it ball tipped out to scott o anderson pushing it up the floor Mulder pool to scott o anderson out there with loonie and wiggins wiggins fires a three way off And it's laker ball and you look at this game right now with seven minutes to go on in the second quarter One team is getting after it like they want it and the other team is in chill mode And if you're the lakers you have to respond because the warriors are here to advance to sunday Kuzma gets that one to go prior to that shot. The lakers were shooting 24 from the field. They had missed eight shots in a row That's a very strong assertive move by kuzma Wiggins to loonie tescano anderson can't get the three montrezl harrell with the board Montrezl harrell with the board James finds montrezl harrell inside and throws it down in a crowd This first field goal Timeout call by steve curve The warriors are shooting 38 29 from three and steph curry has five points Now both these teams their defense has been a big part of their success as we mentioned lakers number one defensive rating and the warriors number five Pool goes right out drumming layup is good. Top shot from jordan pool Lakers looking to push the other way steve kurt talked about that. He wants his team to really push the tempo tonight Shruder gets some room davis tries the three Davis have not shot the ball well from three since his return from the camp injury Curry finds some room gets inside draws the foul banker won't go he's mad at himself, but he'll get two free throws And that's two straight pick and rolls That drumming has been ineffective in defending. He's got to get down a little bit lower. He has great feet He can do this But he can't reach and get himself out of position Curry has talked this year. It's the best he's felt physically and the best he is seeing the game this year And the year off last year Might have helped him get the ball Last year Might have helped That as well only five games played with a broken hand. There's no question it re-energized And you know players will talk about this guys who play in the finals year after year the grind of that lebron james That's one of the unbelievable things about what he's able to do. It's almost like another season And it has recharged him So Dennis shrewder trying to get going still looking for his first field goal throws it away green with the steel That's great pick and roll defense. I mean that's superior Ability to play to play the ball handler and play the role man You See shrewder he's got to come off the score green stunning at him and recovering that's beautiful that's outstanding Steve kurt talks about it all the time. He knows what the opponent is running He blows up opponents plays all the time nice feet inside, but basemore rushed it Although davis's presence had something to do with that caldwell pulp three-pointer short right back to him up top to shrewder And he's going to get a little bit more into the ball And he's going to get a little bit more into the ball Caldwell pulp pass inside broke it up basemore this time got a hand on it Boy active hands again from the warriors pool explodes to the rim and finishes Jordan, pull his second field goal and it's back to a 10-point warriors lead the lakers have 30 points And there's under five to play in the first half Caruso barely had it in his hand knocks down the three i'm looking at that last possession anthony davis has kent Basemore on him and comes out to send a high screen roll a side screen and roll. Oh, give me the basketball It's your time to be a little bit more aggressive The sconnell anderson basemore fakes drives on caruso leans in on drum and flips it up way off And An offensive foul is going to be called on anthony davis and frank bogle hot once again Well right now draymond green is putting on a master's class on how to defend He has taken anthony davis out of the ballgame now that's that's that's just a smart play He puts himself in position to take the hit But he is in the head of anthony davis thus far and some joy going on right now and a technical foul We'll hand it out double technical John goebel came in. I believe it's on davis and tuscano anderson. The warriors are saying why is it a double technical? If you're draymond green, you don't want to get caught in this you already have a technical foul yourself So it is on davis, but the other one's on pool jordan pool And the other one's on the ballgame And the other one is on the ballgame And the other one is on the ballgame And the other one is on the ballgame That's like the old line when the nca got really mad at kentucky. They put cleveland state on probation Curry for three his first three-pointer of the half and from way downtown LeBron james back in Schruder 0 for 7. It's james guarded by tescano anderson Leans in excellent defense throws it away Boy, this colin state defense as you said mark, they're putting on a clinic here in the first half five to shoot for the lakers So Shot clock winding down and pool with a foul with 3.4 remaining on the shot clock Davis gets that one to go just his second field goal. He was one for nine prior to that. It's an eight-point game Despite the horrific shooting by the lakers, especially their stars again. They're only down eight curry Another three back to back threes for step curry. Now. He's got 12 And this equals the largest lead of the first half Wiggins back in now curry switches on james the two former mvps Davis against wiggins Davis settles for the jump shot and rebound to scott. Oh anderson Green beautiful pass ahead to scott. Oh anderson stripped by caldwell pope Schruder tries a three And then schruder still without a field goal. James to davis davis blocked green got a piece of it And the warriors go the other way Another forced turnover by golden state curry gets inside blocked by struder here comes caruso the other way caruso Almost tried an alley-oop to himself Somehow managed to get the layup to go. He did alley-oop until himself got away with it, which is fine You can throw it up But I I tell you what green not giving james a dunk to me as next level intelligence Graham on green cross court to pool pool for three knocks it down a three-pointer for golden state Now the golden state warriors showing once again why they've been one of the best defensive teams In the nba this season led by dream on green and guys you got to figure and watch so much basketball He's one of the smartest defensive players i've seen in in all my years covering the nba Well, I had the privilege of coaching him so i'm well aware from day one his instincts his intelligence superior True to the drive Nearly another forced turnover, but called well pulp has it and a whistle and a foul. Let's check in with rachel Mike, this is so interesting according to all the tracking data. We have now if you look over the past eight years No one has defended anthony davis on more plays than yep Draymond green so draymond told me that that means there's no surprises ad knows all of his little tricks He knows all of anthony's instead. He said quote what it's going to boil down to in this game It boils down to heart it boils down to who wants it more it boils down to who can out think the guy Other guy on a particular play He said it's not that I will go and say I don't know what he's capable of I know what he's capable of draymond said it's can I stop him? And as you guys have noted tonight, we've seen a clinic draymond's been doing that work mike Thank you. Rachel as wiggins picks up the foul james hits the free throw He just seems to shine come playoff time and he looks for these type of games these type of matchups But you know what? He knows also coach. He knows that And it's his advantage when it comes down to heart and it's no disrespect to anthony davis But he he has a fight his chance in that situation if it boils down to talent. It's anthony davis all day long And he's got a good line up there He's got a good line up there Laker's shooting 30 from the field 29 from three And they have 38 points with a minute and a half to play in the second curry three-pointer two strong rebound caruso Davis comes back to caruso And caruso Caldwell pulp corner three is up shot. No good and wiggins with a rebound and great block out by tiskano anderson You don't see blocking out But he eliminated davis's size with that block out wiggins nice turnaround shot wouldn't go james looks to lead the break the other way Pass inside caruso layup tough shot able to get it off the glass caruso is their leading score And their only player double figures with 12 And that's a good sign if you're the golden state warriors game plan discipline And I like this lineup with davis at five A lot more from a spacing standpoint Pool cross card, it's kind of anderson with five to shoot and hits the three-pointer law to scott o anderson eight points off the bench Back to 12 with 25 seconds remaining The three leading scores for the la lakers james davis intruder three for 27 from the field Trueter the drive layup is good tough shot. He finally gets one to go. He was 0 for 8 And i'm not allowing steph curry to play one on one in this situation Either are they curry step back three bang at the buzzer Steph curry from downtown and the warriors will take a 13-point lead into halftime What a first half for golden state Defensively putting on a clinic and then curry coming alive from free point range in the second period Baze more steps back three-pointer way off rebound loonie, but he's called for a push looney, by the way had 11 rebounds in that first half as he picks up his second coach if I was Dennis shrewder lebron james anthony davis looking at what we talked about the impact in that first half i'd cut off the coach The coach's speech in the locker room at halftime and i'd look and say i've got to be better I've got to do a better job of taking care of my business forget about what's on the board Again considering those numbers they're fortunate to be only down by 13 as we've seen in the nba 13 points is not a huge deficit to overcome As the shot clocks down to four shrewder drives on wiggins And a foul I'll take it on the side We'll send it over to rachel Well mike i'm told there was plenty of excitement as the warriors piled into the locker room coming off that great Step shot to close the first half But i'm also told it only lasted about 15 seconds and then steve kerr got everyone to buckle down and refocus No major adjustments for the warriors, but he did tell the team prepare for the lakers to make some runs here They're a championship team. We just have to weather them meanwhile over on the lakers side the coaching staff told players They got to be more physical against this warrior squad. They do have that size advantage, but they also told the guys just relax Just relax we're missing wide open shots just Ease into it here. These are shots that you can make mike Thank you, rachel this draymond green picked up the foul initially josh tibbens said It was on the floor but talked with his fellow officials. They changed it to the act of shooting No, he got bullied by lebron james into asking. No, that's that's the real deal That's another way of putting it and they changed the call and i'm not saying it wasn't the right call I'm saying that's why They discussed it and I would have a different message for the lakers. I wouldn't say relax. I would say we're too relaxed Let's do something No doubt warriors look like the hungry team curry saves it but right to shooter on an erin pass from green And here comes james James gets into the paint mid-range jumper shot one goal loonie another rebound quick outlet to curry Curry to base more attacks the rim layup shot. No good Golden state looking to push it every opportunity Shruder draws the foul shot won't go but step curry will pick up his second personal and that's been a problem for golden state all year, which is fouling too much And to start this half They haven't made them make shots they put shrewder to the line twice sure missed 14 Days down the stretch with the health and safety protocols played the last two games, but his conditioning is far from where it should be So Shruder led the team in scoring when lebron james was out mark. They need him to be super aggressive Absolutely out of pick and rolls in transition At their best he's that third option and at times carries them offensively Curry to green green try to jam it James and drumming right there james down the other end lamp locked a foul counted and one stolen down And a chance for a three-point play and suddenly it's just a seven-point game with a free throw The coach a recipe for disaster if you're the warriors Allowing the lakers to get to the free throw line turning the basketball over and giving them easy opportunities in transition Sometimes teams in this league frustrate me But what the utah jazz just did by giving out? 52 full ride scholarships to underserved kids Is a home run that the whole league Should adopt absolutely When the players were calling the kids I looked at that video And I was absolutely so proud of utah And the players I just thought it was brilliant So special for those young men and women as wiggins spins and backs at home Back up to eight for golden state warriors have led the entire game Lakers have not led the largest lead Is 13 Right now 57 49 called well pulp to james james kicks it out Caldwell pulp off the bounce running lap is good sweet bowl from contagious called well pulp He's got eight points and I like that offensive set by Los angeles having james as the screener When he's the screener it is really hard to guard pick and roll curry behind the back flips it up and Went a little short as davis grabs the rebound and especially the screener with curry involved it puts you in the dilemma defensively James to davis davis three-pointer won't go Lakers just five of 19 from downtown golden state has hit twice as many threes Dangerous pass stolen by called well pope called well pope down the other end layup block but a foul Raymond green upset after the turnover the called wall pulp will shoot a couple of free throws But again, we're talking about a team that's struggling to score you're giving them opportunities Carelessness on the offensive end by the warrens and they're already the lakers are already in the penalty So they're showing up to the top of the game And the lakers are already in the penalty so they're shooting the rest Of the quarter while la hasn't committed a team foul. No golden state already five team fouls And called well pope's numbers One of these teams tonight will earn the seventh seed in the west and the right to Get into the nba playoffs and you can watch the nba playoffs starting saturday on abc espn tnt And nba tv the winner tonight Will face phoenix That game one will be sunday time to be determined in phoenix against the suns Just a spectacular season they finished second utah finished one These two teams in the playing shrewder against Wiggins playing physical wig and spins tied up shot clock at five green another turnover As davis brings it into the front court Back up shrewder puts up the three puts it in Dennis shrewder just his second field goal And it's a one-point game You get into rhythm at the free throw line. So he caught a rhythm at the free throw line And now he knocks in the three And a foul down the other end Crowd doesn't like it. There's about six thousand fans here at the staples center tonight And this is just a wide open Catch and shoot three and mike you mentioned six thousand fans. I also love That they have they were able to get more fans because they have what a vaccinated section. Yep. I I love that Curry step back three-pointer and his foul Shruder commits the personal that's going to be his first and curry will shoot three free throws First personal second team and I thought he kicked out his leg. I would really think about challenging that He does get into that landing area And mike you talked about the winner playing the phoenix sons want to say congratulations to coach mondy williams who the coaches Voted him as the coach of the year. Yep his season in nba a job well done and an award well deserved Absolutely Terrific job and I love their whole team attitude. They weren't trying to to manipulate the standings Whoever comes our way comes our way How about the season chris paul has had for that team? Meanwhile, these two coaches A little chess match right now Curry hits all three lead back up to four 18 points for curry As a successful coach in this league for so many years Did you ever try to manipulate the standings and see who he was going to match up with now? I just I had a like just whether I was right or wrong that whole Karma As anthony davis takes another three. I I just didn't believe in it If you want to if you're if you're a player that's going to be a player that's going to be a player that's going to be But I think there's some m Landry changed is the Big terminal I was really stuck with my My standing and jIT I just didn't believe in it. If you want to if you're if you're a championship mentality, I just think you got to play everybody Blocked by looney drumm and try to get it to go. He thought he was fouled again And the left spin. Wiggins one on one with LeBron James, who's just two of nine from the field. Jumper is good. He's gotta look at it like it's disrespectful. As good a defender as Wiggins is, you're gonna play me one on one? Recognize who I am. Take it personal. Shruder gets right up into Curry. Curry splits the defense. Curry's first pass stolen by Caldwell Pope. That's nine turnovers. Now for the Warriors. Four of them already here in his third quarter. We played just five minutes. Shruder baseline jumper is short. Curry triple team finds Looney. Touch pass to Baysmore. Corner three is good. Baysmore with his third three pointer. And now Frank Vogel wants a time out. The lead right back up to seven. The 11th three pointer for Golden State. You know what I'd like too? The sweatsuits that the Warriors are wearing with paying homage to Oakland. That's pretty good. I love that. Drummond hands off Caldwell Pope. Double team him. And now Shruder across the lane. Shot clock down to seven. Shruder given some room. Hesitated. Shot clock at two. Caruso on the drive. On the pull up shot way off. And a 24 second violation. Another excellent defensive sequence from Golden State. But I thought Shruder cooperated. He had a couple of shots that he turned down instead of being aggressive. And I'll tell you what I find interesting. Didn't they say before the game that they wanted to limit LeBron James to 28 or 30 minutes? He only has eight minutes left. He's sitting right now. He played 17 and a half minutes in the first half. And 22 overall so. Wiggins against Caruso. Wiggins nice feet inside. Looney gathers. And throws up a shot off the glass. Just his second field goal. But Looney's played some excellent defense and he has 12 rebounds. And they missed him earlier in the possession by Green on a slip. Drummond across the lane. Flips it up and in. Four points for Drummond. Curry gets away from the double team. Continues left handed off the glass. Won't go. Chipped in by Kavon Looney. Looney part of those championship teams. He's got the corporate knowledge. Drummond calling for it. One on one with Looney. Spins in the paint. Falls down. Lost it. And Baysmore fouled by Schroeder. And if I'm the Warriors, you're doing me a favor. Posting up Drummond against Looney. I know he scored the last possession. But if I'm Anthony Davis, I've got to look to be aggressive and demand the basketball. This is not a winning recipe, coach. I agree. If you can get them to post Drummond, that plays away from their strength. But again, I like this. Inserting the highly intense Wes Matthews and putting Anthony Davis at the center position. Matthews' first minutes tonight. Curry long distance. That's a three. Steph Curry. This fourth three pointer of the game. It's back up to a dozen. Toscano, Anderson, and Mulder back in now. Stripped by green and stolen. Ball loose. Picked up by Curry. Knocked out of his hands by Caruso. Caldwell, Pope to Caruso. Cross court, Matthews. Matthews for three. Talk about an instant contribution. And that's a huge turn of events. Up 12, all the momentum going in transition. Curry turns it over and then a three. Caruso steal on that. An important play. And then a foul called on Caldwell, Pope. Frank Vogel irate again. I'm looking at the sideline and you see greatness in Drake and Michael B. Jordan just shaking their head at Chef Curry with a shot. And the response, Caruso to Matthews. Knocked down shot, giving the Lakers life. Matthews in his first year and there they are. And the court side, Draymond Green blocked by Davis. Anthony Davis sensational defensive play. And Green usually gets a layup of game off that fake to Curry. Davis calling for it, gets it inside. Shots good and one. Davis at both ends and a chance for a three point play. B o f g d g Davis only 36 games played during the regular season missed 36 30 of them with that right calf He was starting to show signs last final games of the season at that 42-point game against phoenix He has struggled so far tonight, but still a long way to go Six point warriors lead four minutes to play pass inside to curry missed the layup but a foul we got to show that That is brilliance moving without the basketball and not a foul a goal tending I mean, that's right mark. So two points for curry. It's just so good If more guys were willing to move at the speed and the consistency of curry they'd be rewarded too matthews misses So Curry stumbles a bit now keeps his dribble alive against davis lost it ball deflected and a backcourt violation Well curry's been loose with the ball This quarter, but this is brilliant comes off the initial screen Sets it up like he's going to come off the stagger back cuts that's just Well anthony davis was saying, you know, usually when a guy gives up the ball the defender can relax a little bit He goes but that's when steph curry is his most dangerous after he gives up the ball And I know I said it before but think about it you add clay thompson who moves in a similar form and fashion The pressure that they put on your defense collectively Is unmatched in the history of this game? Matthews to davis scarred by tiskano anderson green looking to help Davis spins contested shot way off that one at the side of the backboard and green gets the rebound A well-timed double team by green on the baseline side davis now three for 16 to scott o anderson pass the base more A lot of contact over in the far side base more three-pointer won't go davis the rebound Under three to play here on the third Alex caruso goes all the way blocked by green base more the other way Train on green again just putting on a defensive clinic Plus six assists five rebounds gets inside layup. He missed it Ball knocked out of bounds still golden state ball Green thought he was fouled As caruso turned in the corner Sees green That's outstanding defense and help by draymond green has been doing it all night long. That's his third block Warriors have eight to shoot jordan pool has come in Lebron james back in Pass inside to wigens stolen by james. That's the seventh turnover here in the third. They only had five the first half kuzma to davis The fast break can be lethal for the lakers and they've cut the deficit to six and the warriors lose this game They're going to look at this quarter and recognize this is where it happened carelessness on the offensive end Another turnover but warriors are going to be able to get the ball back in the corner And the second half of the season Another turnover But warriors get it back wigens for three Under two to play third quarter here in this playing game kuzma backdoor layup is good Time out golden state The marquee matchup of the plan is not disappointed Curry tied up gets it inside the green green to wigens wigens hard off the glass won't go the tip is up and good Boy wigens playing with a force tonight at both ends. He's got 15. It's a six-point warriors lead Matthews cuts looking for davis James three-pointer puts it in his first three-pointer Of the night and it's a three-point game, but you look at the post up play what wigens had on one-on-one. He shoots a Fade away one leg a shot Now knocks down a three that's good defense. Sometimes you just got to give credit to greatness Oh curry beautiful pass but wigens couldn't handle it and kuzma comes the other way Fade away Lob it in davis throws it down wakers within one Boy, is it fun to hear a large crowd the noise of that once again curry on the drive Curry for three that's good. Steph curry from way downtown his fifth three-pointer of the night I mean other great NBA players Can't shoot that he is one of a kind on that type of pass it sprint catch and fire James back to order Caruso another backdoor cut leads to a layup but there's more space on the floor now that the traditional center is out and So there's more cutting avenues no fouls to give here for the Lakers dream on green wide open for three Welcome back to the State Farm NBA play-in tournament here with coach Frank Vogel Frank What do you attribute that lockdown defense in the third quarter? You really forced a bunch of Warriors turnovers? Yeah, that's a pretty good most of the night. We wrapped it up a little bit in that quarter We know that steps border to get going still hit a few bombs on us You know, we got to live with that but you know, our guys are motivated and you know Do or die fourth quarter a playoff berth on the line you've got Steph Curry on the other side What do you tell your guys gonna execute? Okay, just that's what you got to worry about get our defensive coverage is and get a good shot every time down Thank you so much All right, Rachel James the rebound after the beautiful feed to Davis to tie the game opening minute here fourth quarter Warriors largest lead was 13 early in the third and The Warriors did a good job when curry and green rested in the first half But this is danger zone right now James inside bank shot missed it and come on looney could not quite hold on And it's Laker ball with 14 now on the shot clock And I love this substitution of draymond green coming back in that's just a beautiful pass to Davis You need to match greens minutes with Davis Kuzma trying to get free and they lob it into Kuzma over pool lays it up and in You know Lakers with their first lead of the night How long does Steve Kerr leave Steph Curry out at his ballgame That's the ninth assists from LeBron James Mulder to pool Pulls been excellent off the bench down the stretch of the regular season. It's a whole different ballgame Mulder harassed and stolen by Caruso the turnovers continue to mount the second half for the Warriors And this is where Wiggins was stationary that entire possession He's got to be great when curry rest James drives on Toscano Anderson layup banks at home timeout Golden State Wiggins battling with Matthews Matthews an excellent defender throughout his career Wiggins trying to draw foul didn't get the whistle We said a lot about the lake the Warriors turning the ball over you got to give credit to this lake of defense They have increased the volume and I think it starts with who you're playing. So West Matthews He has been intense as James goes in with the reverse And there's more room on the floor Now six-point lead that's a 19-point turnaround here on the second half curry looking to Scott O Anderson driving layup offensive foul James draws the charge Davis falls on top of them And I think Steve Kerr may be challenging this and that's a block It is going to be a challenge So they'll challenge those guys will get up and we'll see what happens Eight points five rebounds off the bench It's only the 11th and 12th free throws of the game for Golden State Second half so far They haven't played mantras harrell. They haven't played Porton Tucker, they've gone with a very tight rotation Steve Kerr has only played eight players His team trails by five two and a half gone by in the fourth Caruso the drive Davis the tip won't go to Scott O Anderson a rebound again Draymond Green contesting the shot Curry back into green Davis on curry Green pass tried to thread the needle and turned it over I had beautiful feet to Matthews good transition defense though from the Warriors Kuzma the drive can't finish Wiggins back to the corner Wiggins Barrels into Matthews offensive foul Boy, what a call from Frank Volga to get West Matthews off the bench He has really had an impact as a coach You have to have guys that you trust that when is when it matters most I know exactly what they're going to do And West Matthews has been proven to be a competitor at an elite level And a guy that has no quit and he has come out and got it done on a defensive end especially This is why they signed him. It's his first year with the Lakers He's 34 his 12th year in the league. The Lakers are his seventh team. He's always been an excellent defensive player tough fearless Rob Palenka Wanted to ring him for these kind of games. There's certain matchups. You need him defensively can also hit a three Competitors only apply it's hard to find great competitors West Matthews is Davis jump shot got it Anthony Davis has come alive in the second half You know Laker lead is seven Curry for three answers Steph Curry with a six three-pointer He's got 29 when he cleared a whole side eliminate the help and allow Steph Curry to win his matchup one-on-one and Caruso Was substituted out of the game? Curry on Davis isolated there on the elbow Wiggins looking to help pool comes over to help Matthews inside Kuzma shot clock at four Kuzma tough fall away shot in and out Now the fight for the rebound goes to Draymond Green Curry on the drive scoop layup he banks at home all what a sweet move from curry 31 points and it's a two-point game And Pool just pushing Matthews out of the way That's going to be the first team foul here on the fourth no Caruso Arassing him through to insert it into the game Steph Curry knocks down the three gets a rhythm Then keeps them off balance turns the corner Spectacular finish before the contest an efficient game for curry 10 of 18 from the field six of nine from three Davis left alone for three got it Anthony Davis his first three-pointer of the night he was all for five and it's back to a five-point Laker leave Get a couple of layups get a dunk and now the jump shot becomes a little bit Easier he struggled from three-point range all season long Just 26% well good find by James as Green tries to take away the role Always chatting away who's straight on green Curry gets free drives inside scoop layup missed it. He thought he was hit see her is furious Here's James the other way long three-pointer Caroms out to Mulder Jordan poor all beautiful crossover tried to jam it ball knocks loose out of bounds And it's gonna be Warriors ball That would have been quite the highlight for Jordan pool I'm giving him a point just for the move and he got found How was that not a foul Why are you looking at me? I'm not reffing Wiggins pull on the inbound and it's back to three I True to brings it up with 643 remaining the Bron James sitting right now Well, he's at his minute limit I wonder if we'll see him again entry pass knocked away by Draymond Green pull ahead to Wiggins Wiggins drives floats it up shot is good 19 points for Wiggins and it's back to one timeout LA Marv Albert the greatest basketball announcer of all time Whose impact on aspiring broadcasters is immeasurable? Congratulations. Thanks for a spectacular career Marv Albert And I'm one of those guys three years with Marv Albert as a partner congratulations legend Paul misses screen dives Kuzma no comes up with it Just past the midway point of the fourth Schroeder draws the foul shot won't go I'm just trying to imagine you as a head coach of the Lakers right now What the looks you would be given LeBron James like basically asking while you are you ready yet? No, I wouldn't be giving him dirty looks I'd be given that Whoever's in charge of the minutes police. I'd be like Come on now. We'll give him off tomorrow And the next day as Caruso is gonna come back in to the game Schroeder has struggled tonight just two of eleven from the field, but it's the free-throw Lakers back up to Caruso will come in and Matthews sits 11 minutes for Matthews, but he made his presence felt I Think the key obviously was the Lakers activity, but I think Frank Vogel found for this game Davis at five playing huge minutes already up to 36 and Going to West Matthews Was a huge factor in their swarming defense Schroeder goes one for two Caruso back in the guard curry Finds Wiggins Wiggins gets inside draws the contact and banks at home chance for a three-point play Big plays from Wiggins on both ends of the floor tonight An unselfishness of Steph Curry takes the double-team gets rid of the basketball Wiggins aggressive turns the corner and if you're anybody on a lake is not defending curry You have to pull all the way over so he doesn't have ability to catch and finish Wiggins wants to get the victory get back in the playoffs He's only been in the playoffs once in his first six years in the league That was five games in the first round with Minnesota in 2018 He has had a terrific season. He's played 71 of the 72 games in the regular season and here in the plan 21 points on 10 of 18 from the field. He's available every game every year He plays all the time as Durham is the first team to play in the playoffs All the time as durable as any player in this league Kuzma back out to Schroeder shot clock at three puts up the three shot won't go one of the foul Davis the offensive rebound back up and banks at home But there's an awful lot of contact Not just on the shot, but also Davis's rebound and finish Anthony Davis discarded people curry reverse With the English off the glass a little more magic from Steph Curry. He's got 33 And LeBron James is coming back in Schroeder drives inside Caruso missed a layup curry the rebound Curry to Wiggins Jordan Paul, nope, they wave it off an offensive foul Sound a screen set by Draymond Green not allowing the chase down contest James will return Three fouls on green Credit to Anthony Davis for not giving up on the play. So his effort to try to get to the shooter forced that call That's 12 second half turnovers for Golden State. They only had five in the first half They led by 13 at halftime Lakers have Taken the lead here in the fourth. They've led by as many as seven right now all tied with four and a half to play This is a tough play to guard the curl by Davis Davis knocked away another steal from Draymond Green and Mulder in the front court Three steals three blocks for green curry on the drive gets inside foul on jumper. No good 11 rebounds for Davis to go with 21 points Mulder up and into Schroeder Drives layup shot is good. Oh, what a tough shot from Schroeder and Draymond Green wanted a push-off Green's got to be careful with the referees. He already has a technical tonight Gets the pass from curry pull for three puts it in Warriors back up by one and that's where green is great you blitz curry And You get it to green and he plays four on three He's a great great decision maker and it may boil down to just that Other guys not named curry making shots being ready and aggressive because the Lakers are forcing curry to get rid of the basketball Dennis Schroeder tries drives on Wiggins flips it up shot. No good rebound rebound Draymond Green And here come the Warriors up one with 315 remaining Curry fakes curry drives floats it up banks at home Timeout Lakers Here's the upcoming national TV schedule TNT tomorrow, Indiana and Washington At Eastern for the right to get into the playoffs then the ESPN on Friday Memphis winning earlier tonight against San Antonio will play the loser of this game And it'll be at 9 Eastern for more in these games visit nba.com or the NBA app This has been a thriller here at the Staples Center Anthony Davis and the Lakers came back from 13 down took a seven-point lead here on the fourth But Steph Curry erupting here with a fourth. He's got 35 for the game and it's the Warriors up three and interestingly Frank Vogel decides to sit Schroeder and reinsert Wesley Matthews I Think it's the right move Absolutely, they got to make an adjustment because the Warriors clearing a side for curry They have to recognize that defensively the Lakers do and be in position to help James looking to post up Baysmoor Squares and faces seven on the shot clock Wiggins looking to help James for on the 24 James jumper short Rebound Matthews back out to James pass to Caruso corner three side of the backboard and Baysmoor gets the rebound That talked about it earlier Wiggins forcing LeBron into that shot That's a shot you're willing to give up if you're the Warriors defensively against a bigger stronger And Caruso's defense forces the turnovers curry dribbles it out of bounds and So inside the Davis the runner No good, but a foul that's absolutely inexcusable on a turnover. They didn't get matched up So green had to rotate to the wide open Caruso and now Davis gets fouled So Paul picks up his third and Anthony Davis will shoot free throws Two for two tonight, it's only 74% during the season Big Second half for Davis Only had five points at halftime 18 in the second half one point game under two and a half remaining Curry on the drive the floater in the paint short Wiggins tips it but right to Davis James running the floor Pass to Caruso back to James and he's fouled Draymond Green would not let him get a layup and James goes down holding his head The officials discussing I think they're going to take a look at it to see if it's a flagrant And There's contact to the head of LeBron James It'd be interesting to see the conclusion that they come up with here But there's clearly with the right hand of Draymond Green to the head Goes up the block. This is a huge call again because it will be free throws and possession as green picks up his fourth personal But clearly to me there was contact on the head according to the rules but not everything to the head is a flagrant foul You need to make up your mind sir. No, I Don't think it is one. I think it will be called one and I hate when games are decided on these like Influenced by like these like they're trying to Make a difference in the game And just can we play ball this is a great game absolutely you have covered every base by the way my friend well done Well James obviously shaken up by the play so he's gonna get two free throws And he's really get two free throws and will they get possession and he's smart enough to Make sure they know he's hurt Oh I'm gonna name my next son John Gobel. Thank you John bring some sanity back to the NBA You know and again part of it. It's just such a crucial call for I Mean he's looking he's going up to block the shot hands down. I think what Steve said there's no wind-up And he's going up to block the shot hands down. I think what Steve said there's no wind-up And the impact is because James comes into him and I'm not gonna take I'm not gonna explain myself to the whole LA roster Play ball. Well James will get the two free throws I'm not good at Ripley lip reading, but I think he just said something about trouble scene Though again as Steve Javi said it was a good game Though again as Steve Javi said it was an awkward fall and that made it look worse than it was and apparently got poked in the eye to My only problem with it. It wasn't a contest to the basketball. It was a contest to the face because he can't jump as well Ties the game with 207 remaining I've been there before squinting my eyes just in case I miss a free throw so I have an excuse I've been there At a rough first half but has made huge plays here in the second half a triple double misses the second And a loose ball foul is going to go against lebron james. Jordan pool did a good job pursuing that rebound And really you look right now both teams are shooting the rest of the way So you if you're going to be physical defensively you have to be physical and disciplined also But you don't give up free clothes Each team with one timeout left and as mark said both teams in the penalty Baysmoor to pool wigons green and curry And an offensive foul call on draymond green on the moving screen west matthews draws that turnover Steve kerr can't believe that call nor can green who picks up his fifth And That's not a legal screen to me that's west matthews selling the foul he's had an important impact on this second half Caldwell pope back up to james Wiggins has done an excellent job defensively on him tonight Shot clock at six james looking to get a running start now pass to caruso caruso on the drive inside davis for the slam Lakers back up two with a minute and a half to play and caruso has been outstanding outstanding great find Curry the drive looking to draw contact and he does but they say before the shot doesn't matter. They're in the penalty So two free throws for curry to tie the game with 123 left Well, they go back to putting step curry into the pick and roll knowing they don't want to switch it James came off touched it to caruso who just Caught it on a stampede to the basket and dropped it off to davis well anthony davis who had an awful first half Has come alive 25 points including 13 here in the fourth quarter as curry hits the free throw and played 41 minutes so far 12 rebounds as well and it's made some excellent defensive plays in the second half This game has been so much about defense from both teams Curry ties the game 37 points for step curry They get it to call well pulp almost lost it shot clock at seven James two defenders on him to call well pope inside. He's tied up by green throws it back up top. James puts up the three Oh, it's gone lebron james from downtown As the shot clock expires A desperation heave and the lakers are up three Three Green back to curry curry sets leans in knocked away get it back from curry shot clock at seven Baysmore on the drive kicks it out pull for three James the rebound with 32 seconds remaining There's about a 10 second different shot clock and game clock. They don't have to foul I'm lebron james. I'm putting my head down and attacking Lost the ball gets it back matthews for three Fight for the rebound tipped twice picked up by pole 10 seconds remaining i'm in a foul I'm, not letting them shoot a three. They have a timeout left, but we'll call it here Cur is trying to call it and finally he gets it steve kirk came to half court The officials couldn't see him or clearly couldn't hear him And he gets the timeout with 2.1 remaining We'll see if the officials look to see to perhaps put more time on the clock They got a great look the last time by jordan pool in the corner off a nice pass by baysmoor LeBron james with the three-pointer had to throw it up. The shot clock was expiring So Big time shot awful execution Realizes that the clock dwindling down the good chase down by curry lebron Elevates and knocks down the biggest shot of the night. That's a 30-footer and you see curry Who's had that look on opponent's faces after he knocks down threes the same look as lebron james with a clutch shot And still talking about his Difficulty seeing after taking that shot in the face from draymond green All right, guys, obviously Golden state needs a three-pointer here to try and force overtime And for the lakers there's not enough time for them to foul and not allow a three-pointer, correct? It depends on where the ball is caught And in what position? I wouldn't be surprised if curry Is used to try to free somebody else up Because of team's natural reaction to him No matter what type of cut he makes and that guy defending the basketball in lebron james in this scenario I keep my eyes on curry Baysmoor to inbound Pool coming free curry trying to get free lost the ball. That's it The lakers are in the playoffs The warriors need to play on friday what a thriller here at the staples center I want to show these two stars put on tonight lebron james with his vision And Bothered after that shot from draymond green hits the desperation heave that proved to be the game winner offsetting the 37 points from steph curry Lakers will play phoenix on sunday The warriors will play the grizzlies on friday night to keep their season alive and the respect from the two former mvps Is Warriors with an opportunity but A defensive play ends this one and that's perhaps appropriate with all the terrific defense we saw tonight This is he didn't even catch it in rhythm That's just unbelievable just as the shot clock expired and he was blind So James with 22 points 11 rebounds 10 assists And the game winning three-pointer Is with rachel? lebron Congratulations on the win Nice little celebration there with anthony davis Yes, sir, you already know What does this mean to you guys to be officially in the play-in bracket in the playoff bracket and to do it with this kind? Of win tonight over a team that has really been such a huge rival for you over the second half of your career Well, I mean going into the postseason. I think it's two of the hottest teams I think we were winner of five they were winner of uh, seven or eight or whatever the case may be So both teams playing at a high level and uh, we knew that they're going to come up to our floor and give everything they had Um, you know, they hit us in the mouth in the first half and we just had to respond and we did that On the defensive end and uh got some great contributions from guys off the bench. Um, and we all you know chipped in for the We got to talk about that shot you hit with about a minute left the three you didn't even look in rhythm there What were you thinking as the ball left your hands? um, you know just um I put in a lot of work in my game, you know, um, you know after You know drape my uh finger to the eye. I was literally seeing three, uh, three rims out there um, so I just shot at the middle one and uh, and I was able to uh, The grace of the man above I was able to knock it down When in doubt go for the middle rim What did it feel like when you were down there on the floor when you took that hard fall? Were you worried that you wouldn't be able to continue in the game or have more problems? You know, i've been there before Um, you know, i've been poked in the eye before, you know on a rim collision like that. So Just try to keep my composure, you know, it's going to be pretty sore tonight. I know that for sure But we have a few days until we do until we know when we'll go to phoenix, but It's a big time win for us and I definitely wasn't leaving the floor no matter if I had to Uh, you know, uh put a pirate, uh patch in my eyes. So I love this team. I love to compete One big rivalry down with this win tonight But you've got another one to go with an old friend in chris paul you mentioned going to phoenix and facing the suns What do you think that matchup is going to be like? um, you know, they played, uh, extremely well all year and they deserve to uh, You know host, uh, you know home court in the first round And uh cp, uh, you know played at an mvp Uh caliber year all year, um book, you know, aden has grown all year and uh, they've given those guys a supporting cast around them So, you know, uh, we know what we're going to get out of cp. We know how good uh, you know How great cp is how great book is uh up and coming surgeons from um, you know from aden You know, but it's the other guys as well that we got to make sure we key in on because they've been playing extremely Well all year and that's why they've been the second best team in the west. Thank you so much. LeBron Congratulations. We'll see you in phoenix